what's going on YouTube welcome back to
my channel if you don't know me my name
is Ashley I do a lot of reviews here on
YouTube so if you are new around here I
would love if you would subscribe and
check out the rest of my videos today
we're going to be talking about the new
Jim sharks seamless collection it is
specifically called the Jim shark energy
seamless collection or Seton energy
seamless seamless energy one of the two
so this is obviously a very highly
anticipated release from Jim shark
because they're old seamless was so very
popular but there were some issues with
it the people had so everyone is really
curious about this new line and how it
is supposed to be because it has been
claimed by a lot of their athletes to be
the best thing they've ever released so
I do just want to throw a quick little
disclaimer before I start this video
that I am NOT a Jim shark fan I've tried
out at least four or five of their other
leggings some sports bras are in there
and I've never liked anything that I've
ever tried however I do agree that this
is the best thing that they have ever
released so I'm going to be giving you
guys kind of an overview about all of
the products as well as the pros and
cons that I have found for it
I can promise you this is a 100% honest
review because I'm very hard on their
products and these have impressed me at
least very much more than any of their
other stuff ever has not to say that I
dislike the brand in any way I just
haven't found that many of their
products worked for me personally so
let's just start with the basics that
I'm sure most of you know they have
released four different items as part of
this collection so they are full length
liking the cropped legging the sports
bra and then a cropped vest which is
basically just a crop top so the cult
two colors and the sets that I picked up
wear the purple wash and the lilac so I
got the high-waisted purple wash ladies
and the cropped best in purple wash and
then I got the high waist of lilac
leggings and the lilac sports bra so
just starting off with the material it's
pretty thick it's not like paper thin
like how like they're fit leggings are
and stuff like that is a good pretty
thick material I live in a place that
it's snow so I noticed that when I was
to the gym they actually kept me very
warm which is a big benefit for me
because you know a lot of leggings are
so thin that I get real cold walking in
and out of my car the other thing to
point out about the material it is super
super compressive weighted more
aggressive than any of their other pants
that I have tried it really kind of
sucks you in it's actually very hard to
get on initially because it is so
compressive but it does once you do get
it on it's like fine and it kind of is
able to suck your legs in a little bit
and all of that there's type-c some cons
that go with that but we'll get into
that in a little bit so let's just talk
about the pros to begin with first of
all the design of these leggings is just
absolutely beautiful
they are super duper simple which Jim
shark sometimes has a problem with kind
of making their leggings a little too
over-the-top in my opinion but this
design it's just a really simple classic
legging with some interesting seems like
the ribbing on the high waist as well as
the little island details on the sides
make it unique but in such a simple
design way they got rid of some of the
stuff like the under bone contour they
made that the contour on the thighs a
lot more discreet and kind of less in
your face if you know what I mean the
other biggest plus that I have puppies
is we all know that for certain body
types a lot of German shark leggings the
camel toe in them is just out of this
world that on me specifically like every
other people one of their parent
leggings is just so bad on me it's like
to the point I'm not like super
confident with that kind of thing so I
just won't wear them you know I just I
won't so the one thing that I really
like about these is for the most part
the council's basically not there
there's like certain positions that I
will stand in that it is still slightly
noticeable but it is nothing compared to
their old leggings the other big benefit
to these is they do have some really
great tummy control of that is something
you're looking for the waste bin is like
SuperDuper thick and kind of lined in a
way that it very much camouflages that
area and kind of
sit in you can actually very clearly see
on certain people where the compression
is where it's not which obviously shows
that it's working really well so I also
just do really like how I said before
how they've kind of simplified the
design and gotten rid of the kind of
under bum contour that just did not work
on everyone and they kind of minimize
the thigh contour a little bit and just
made the whole design more simple and
elegant the bras also both have
removable pads in them and they are just
oh my god they are so comfortable I can
wear them all they won't I absolutely
love them the cropped vest is amazing
for if you just want to hide a little
bit more of your tummy it just gives you
those extra few inches that like really
only shows a little bit when paired with
the high waisted leggings which I
personally really like to have that
option and they still made it such a
beautiful kind of sleek design while
making it more of a crop top which I
really enjoy I think it also is a little
bit more supportive if you do have
larger breasts I think you will enjoy
that piece more than the sports bra if
that is kind of the category you fall
into just because there's more fabric
the back of it is a lot more supportive
because it is just like a simple
racerback
and just with the thick straps obviously
it's gonna be more supportive
however the sports bra is obviously just
beautiful the back of design of it is
just so gorgeous with their four little
I don't know what they're calling it but
the back wheel design is just really
flattering and something I really enjoy
I also like that it's not too revealing
or anything the material is super soft
and it kind of moves with you which I
really really like now all I do really
enjoy these sets I definitely do still
have some cause that you guys should be
aware of so let's kind of get into those
now first of all I absolutely love high
waisted leggings that pretty much all I
wear it's all I reach towards all I
really want to ever wear and these are
highway so them they're beautiful
they're almost at least on me I'm pretty
petite I will leave my measurements
below but on me and I've noticed on a
few other people they're almost like a
little too high waisted I would say by
an injured Internet
they're just like it's almost a little
too much like you if you're gonna be
wearing a sports bra and high waisted
leggings you still want a little bit of
your stomach to show you know but like
if I were to wear the crop vest and the
leggings up all the way it's like a
centimeter of my stomach showing so a
simple solution guys obviously just roll
them down but I just kind of wish they
would shorten that just like a little
bit to make it a little less
high-waisted I mean I don't know if
that's gonna be a problem on taller
girls but I'm shorter girls I've
definitely noticed that it's just a
little too much I just have a quick
little edit to add in which is
unfortunate because I was really hoping
I was wrong but I think kind of just
going over the clips as I'm telling me
this video and I'm realizing that these
are 1 5 percent not squaw proof really
at all I did this test under my right
lights like I always do to give you guys
a real like hard test of it and then I
also went outside and just like a
natural lighting squad test and it also
was pretty bad out there too so I just
want to throw that out there that I know
a lot of people have been saying that
these are squat proof and they're not so
that is definitely a big con that's you
know like I said I've had a lot of
issues with their pants and you know
it's not a sizing issue I'm a size extra
small like I'm a tiny person this is the
size I'm supposed to wear and they are
not waterproof that is just the bottom
line
I don't know about the other colors I
know the lilac is because of the
underlined if you can call that squat
proof more just like a guard from it
personally if you ask me but purple wash
not squat proof I've heard that the
black is for sure I don't know about the
beat but just a another little con to
throw in also these leggings do really
enhance the booty and they kind of like
lift it and sculpt it however part of
that not all girls have just fully
muscular but you know like we all hold a
little bit of fat and I just noticed
that because it's so compressive that it
can squish it a little bit and make it
not quite as flattering at least not in
the same way it makes it look more tight
and muscular which is not necessarily a
bad thing
not a kind of look that everybody likes
so I just wanted to kind of point that
out that it can tend to squish it a
little bit the other economy that is a
problem that I still am having with
every single Jim shower product that I
ever try even if it's the same style all
of the colors fit differently I don't
understand that I don't understand how
that's even possible but I've heard it
from so many people and so many of you
have told me that you're having the same
problem that all of the colors just they
just don't fit the same so the way that
I've heard it from other people because
I only bought two colors so I've heard
that the black fits the tightest the
purple wash and the beet fit very
similarly and then the lilac is the
loosest fitting and that just bothers me
I don't understand why they have to why
they can't just figure out a way to make
them like the same you know to me that
just doesn't make sense because in so
many other brands that's just not the
case you know all the colors fit the
same so I'm just a little confused about
why that is always a thing with them but
just so you guys are aware they are
gonna fit slightly differently also that
being said talking about the sizing
these do tend to run about a half size
smaller so I am a pretty true to size
extra small and everything across the
board and Jim shark and every brand so I
obviously got the extra small Emmys and
they fit me more snugly than other
leggings which is because they're so
compressive and they're made to be like
that just be aware that if you don't
like super tight leggings you might want
to size up with these okay so now let's
talk about the underwear lining
situation that is in the lilac purple
pants that we're putting to make them
squat proof is the idea of good and do
they have good and tension with it yes
it does make them squat proof it makes
it so you don't have to wear underwear
with it which is kind of nice like I
know some girls especially a lot of like
the bigger athletes that they have don't
wear underwear or anything under their
leggings but I personally like to sew to
kind of have them just built in like
that I kind of like to be honest for me
I like that part of it however while it
does hang we make them squat proof you
can still see the underwear lining first
of all it shows the lines pretty much
all the time like a slight outline of
them
to say this in a way that you guys know
what I mean but I have noticed in
pictures on some of their athletes which
I will include as well as on myself that
in certain lines while it's not well you
can't see any of my body you can still
see the underwear so like I don't
necessarily know if that's better to be
honest with you I wish they kind of
would have just made it maybe a little
bit of a thicker material in order to
make a swap roof rather than doing the
underwear thing because like it is it
better than it being not squat proof yes
is it still a perfect fix absolutely not
so I still think they need to find a
better way to make their lighter colors
more squat proof but I think this does
do better than leaving it out I guess so
some people are gonna like it some
people are gonna hate it so I think it's
kind of up to you and your comfort level
on the see-through Ness of and being
able to see the underwear through it so
another thing I noticed with these when
I was doing cardio in them which is kind
of weird and I don't know if other
people are gonna have this problem or if
it's just me if you feel the seams on
the inner thighs and on the waistband
aware that they're like a little bit
thicker thicky or what is that they're a
little bit thicker but I'm noticing that
when my legs are rubbing together when
I'm doing cardio or anything like that
that the seams get kind of itchy just
because they're like that thicker course
material and it's like they're kind of
rubbing against my leg and just I like
him constantly eating at them however it
full disclaimer I live in a place where
it is winter and my skin is super dry so
that could play into it too but that's
never happened with another pair of
leggings before so I just think that's a
little weird and ask her just a couple
of cons for the two tops with sports bra
I would say it's very much a low support
sports bra not that that's a bad thing I
just want to make sure you guys are
aware that the back details as pretty as
they are they're so dang flexible and
stretchy that I think if you had larger
girls then they would just kind of it
would kind of bounce around and not be
able to support you very well so just
kind of be aware of that if you guys do
have any other questions about it please
feel free to leave me a comment below
and give this Ally
for more tips or review videos I'm
really hoping Jim shark kind of keeps
with this pace of their design because I
think this was so beautifully well done
and there's a quality from them that I
personally think we haven't seen yet so
let me know any of their other new
releases that you guys specifically want
me to do I'm definitely 100% doing the
Nicki B collection because it looks too
good I'm really really curious about it
and I'm really hoping it's the same
quality of leggings as these are because
the design is just absolutely beautiful
and I know so many of you are excited
about it too so be expecting that but
outside of that Jim shark videos are
something I know a lot of you really
like to see so let me know what in
particular you're wanting from them I'm
really excited that I finally found a
set from them that I actually like and I
actually will wear because I've returned
everything else because I just didn't
like it didn't work for me so I hope you
guys are excited about these is I am and
I will see you guys in the next video
bye